Player is Good:
  Imagos is good: Protect
    >Assistance in Combat (Guardian)
      Imagos manifests itself and fights with the player.  Imagos will only
      attack aggressors.
    >Deflection of Damage (Guardian, Old Wise)
      Damage is reduced or entirely prevented.
    >Ward Evil Spells (Guardian, Old Wise, Child)
      Evil spells power and success rate are reduced.  Player's ward power is
      increased.
    >Inner Strength (All)
      All evasive techniques (dodge, block, ward) improved slightly
  Imagos is neutral: Guide
    >Answer a question (Voice - 100%; Syzygy - 75%; Anima - 50%; Strength - 10%)
      Imagos manifests briefly, with knowledge of 50%/75%/100% of the world. It
      will answer a single question; if it does not know the answer, it may
      invent one or truthfully admit that it cannot see.
    >Guide to Location (Syzygy, Anima, Voice - somewhat)
      Imagos manifests itself, and will start pathing to a location given by the
      player.  It will attack any aggressors which come close to it.
    >Inspire Quest (Voice, Syzygy)
      Imagos will assign a Quest to the player.  Completing this quest has the
      effect of increasing soul points, and moving karma towards 0.
  Imagos is evil: Assault
    >Physical Assault (Nemesis)
      Imagos manifests itself and attacks the player directly.
    >Mental Assault (Nemesis, Shadow, Loki)
      The player's fears and temptations manifest themselves.
    >Moral Assault (Nemesis, Shadow)
      A Major Obstacle manifests; generally of higher difficulty than is
      appropriate for the player.  The player is temporarily given a powerful
      Evil spell.

Player is Neutral
  Imagos is Good: Inspire
    >Empower (All)
      The player's spiritual powers are improved slightly.
    >Enlighten (Guardian, Wise Old)
      The player temporarily receives a good power.
    >Illustrate (Guardian, Wise Old)
      Imagos manifests itself briefly (3-5 turns) to use a good power.
  Imagos is Neutral: Strengthen
    >Regenerate (Voice)
      The player temporarily regenerates HP and SP at a very fast rate.
    >Bolster (Syzygy, Anima)
      Imagos manifests itself to fight on the player's side.
    >Augment (All)
      The player's skills of all types are improved slightly.
    >Rebuff (Voice)
      Enemies are temporarily frightened.
  Imagos is Evil: Tempt
    >Entice (All, power is scaled)
      The player temporarily receives an evil power.
    >Corrupt (Nemesis, Shadow)
      The player temporarily receives a powerful adjustment to their body; an
      extra clawed arm, horns, stinging tail, etc.
    >Swarm (Nemesis)
      Several Shades are created, allied with the player.  The player is given
      Soul Steal at high power for a few turns; using it on a shade extends the
      power 2 turns.

Player is Evil
  Imagos is Good: Cleanse
    >Alert Enemies (Guardian, Wise Old, Child)
      If any Good entities are searching or questing for the player, they are
      notified of the player's location, or, at high Imagos power, gated
      directly to the player.  If no entities are seeking the player, then the
      nearest Good entity is made aware of and enraged at the player.
    >Test Abilities (Guardian, Wise Old)
      Several Good creatures are created at a high power level.  The player's
      Evil soul powers have their power level reduced temporarily.
    >Direct Attack (Guardian)
      The Imagos manifests itself and attacks the player directly.  Since Good
      Imagos are physically weak, it is aided by a few Good creatures.
  Imagos is Neutral: Guide
    See above under Player is Good.
  Imagos is Evil: Goad
    >Direct to Victims (Nemesis, Shadow, Loki)
      The Imagos will manifest itself and lead the player to a vulnerable soul.
      It will direct the player to attack them, but will not intervene unless a
      third party gets involved.
    >Augment Power (Nemesis)
      The player's evil soul powers are increased in power significantly.
    >Torrent (Nemesis, Shadow)
      Friendly shades & jinxes will be summoned every turn for several turns.


Imagos Particulars:
Virtue
Strength
Vice
  Barely true Imagos, these manifest themselves as an inner voice.  They don't
  lend any powers to the player, aside from moral support (if such a thing is
  implemented), but provide flavor in the form of text.

Child
  Playful and innocent, but surprisingly powerful.
Anima
  A form of the player of the opposite sex.  Its personality is a complement to
  the player's; it has the powers they lack.
  >Embrace: A manifestation of the Anima may embrace the player, bolstering
   their morale.
Loki

Wise Old
Syzygy
Shadow

Guardian
Voice
Nemesis
